 wake - a small, wake on LAN program for UNIX-like operating systems
       Copyright © 2012 Jason J.A. Stephenson <jason@sigio.com>

wake is a small program to broadcast wake on LAN magic packets over
the local network.  (It will send them over the Internet, too, if
you're doing this from your router and outgoing firewall rules don't
block broadcast packets.)

When run, wake takes a single argument of a hostname to look up in its
configuration file, wake.hosts.  The hostname is used as a key to look
up the MAC address to include in the magic packet.  This MAC address
is the MAC address of the computer to respond the wake on LAN packet.

The wake.hosts file should contain 1 host entry per line.  The host
entry is expected to be the hostname followed by the MAC address of
the host.  The hostname and MAC address are separated by any number of
white space characters.  There is no provision for quoting of the
hostname, so the hostname can not contain white space characters
itself.  The MAC address is expected to consist of 6 pairs of
hexadecimal numbers separated by some punctuation character.  Most
networking implementations will output the address in this format,
separated by colons, when you query the MAC address of an existing
interface.  Typically, you can copy and paste that value into your
wake.hosts file.

Leading and trailing white space on a line are ignored.  Thus you
could indent your wake.hosts entries.  The pound sign (#) is treated
as a comment character and anything that appears on a line following
that character will be ignored.

wake will search for the wake.hosts file in the following locations,
in the following order, stopping when it finds the first one:

    1. The user's home directory.

    2. The system's $sysconfdir directory as defined at configure
    time.

    3. The current working directory.

If no file named wake.hosts is found in one of these locations, wake
will print a diagnostic message and exit.

wake uses the GNU autotools for configuration and build.  Simply run
./configure with the options you want.  If you don't find the
configure script, then run autoreconf --install to create configure
and the necessary other files.
